now that's right Curtis axel I figured
I'd go ahead you know do a quick little
formula spotlight via for him since you
know it's a frenzy now is if you came
till this whole face and everything
hairline all of that is textured trunk
designs all the daddies texture so don't
be like you know what air is that you
didn't show the hair it's a texture or
you use this morphing becoming my don't
look like that it's not going to because
of the texture but this is the basic
face and body morph you know I'm saying
something to start you off with some the
bill with and this by far the best I
mean look at him as college it's right
on right on and you might get even I
hadn't put it on it yet but you might
could even add wonder or two well one of
the 3d beers might work I hadn't tried a
JIT I still got you know a bit of
fiddling around to do with him and there
will be a real blow to Curtis axle
complete with Brenda because I know you
know about it be looking forward today
this call right here is on CC been on CC
to search NCO you'll see Michael
McGillicutty so you go grab it just
change the name and rock with him for
the time being it's the same gear he had
on last night which I'm sure they won't
do too much to alter his gear I hope
they do something don't put him in a
singlet like his father believes he is
not he do not look like a singlet i guy
I would think they should do something
you know
kind of
built around hockey you know because he
is a gigantic hockey fan no y'all about
some hiking so I would think he knows
his his trunk design notion has
something to do with that little course
with his was father his grandfather but
we'll see I got a feeling they're gonna
put the icy tight room him just for you
know his daddy cuz that's exact same
belt he's dead ahead I'd like to see I
like to see more I'm open and do doesn't
crazy you know stupid retarded with him
but then again this WWE Tom back so who
knows ain't no telling still hard to get
used to the name anyway there you go
great LIKE comment subscribe all that
good stuff
we almost 2000 about 32 more thing I'll
let you I beg keep it real the righteous